personal info:
Get my personal information
Show my personal information


Leave balances:
1)Kindly provide an update on the status of my remaining leave days.
2)Could you please share the details of the remaining leave days I have?
3)I'm seeking clarification on the number of leave days remaining; could you provide an update?
4)I would like to know the current status of my leave balances, could you share that information?

Apply Leave:
1)I'm interested in submitting a leave application.
2)I'd like to formally request time off through the leave application process.
3)I'm interested in submitting a leave application.
4)I'm considering taking some time off and would like to initiate the leave application.

Leave policies:
1)explain the sick leave policies
2)vacation leave policies
3)Service incentive leave policies


Get Working Hours:
1)Obtain the hours of operation.
2)Retrieve the operational hours.
3)Provide information on the working hours.

last week working hours:
1)Detail the working hours for the previous week.
2)Specify the hours logged during the preceding week.
3)Provide information on the hours worked in the most recent week.

Upcoming week working hours:
1)Summary of the designated work hours set for the approaching week.
2)Expected work schedule for the upcoming week.
3)Work schedule for the upcoming week.

View my payslip:
1)Access my salary statement.
2)I'd like to see my payslip.
3)I'd like to see my payslip

payroll policies:
1)Can you explain the company's policies on payroll?
2)Could you provide insights into the payroll policies implemented here?
3)Can you explain the policies related to payroll?

Locations:
1)Which regions or cities are covered by the Guardsman Group's security personnel?
2)In which areas is the Guardsman Group currently providing its services?
3)Can you specify the locations where Guardsman Group guards are currently deployed?

Contact us:
1)Can you share the contact information, such as phone number or email, for communication with the Guardsman Group?
2)Can you provide the contact information for inquiries or assistance?
3)Can you provide the contact information for getting in touch with Guardsman Group?

Clients:
1)Can you share details about the types of clients that the Guardsman Group caters to?
2)In which industries or sectors do the Guardsman Group's clients belong?
3)Can you provide information about the clients currently under the protection of the Guardsman Group?

Services:
1)What range of services does the Guardsman Group offer to its clients?
2)Services offered by guardsman